Add NuGet repo support matrix (#35)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs-PSGet: powershell-gallery/docs-conceptual/powershellget/supported-repositories.md

---
description: This article lists the repositories that have been tested with PowerShellGet v3 and how to configure them.
ms.date: 06/16/2023
title: Supported repository configurations
---
# Supported repository configurations

The **Microsoft.PowerShell.PSResourceGet** module, also known as **PowerShellGet v3**, works with

> NuGet package repositories andlocal file stores. In general, the cmdlets should work with any NuGet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NuGet package repositories and local file stores. In general, the cmdlets should work with any NuGet
```

repository that supports the NuGet protocol. However, not all NuGet repositories support all the

> features of PowerShellGet v3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
features of PSResourceGet.
```

> The following repositories have been tested with PowerShellGet v3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following repositories have been tested with PSResourceGet.
```

## The PowerShell Gallery

> The PowerShell Gallery is the default repository for PowerShellGet v3. The Gallery is a NuGet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PowerShell Gallery is the default repository for PSResourceGet. The Gallery is a NuGet
```

repository that uses the NuGet v2 protocol.

You don't need credentials to search, download, or install packages from the PowerShell Gallery. You
must create an account and API key to publish packages to the PowerShell Gallery. For more
information, see [Creating and publishing an item][01].

> The PowerShell Gallery supports all the features of PowerShellGet v3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PowerShell Gallery supports all the features of PSResourceGet.
```

---
description: This article lists the repositories that have been tested with PowerShellGet v3 and how to configure them.
ms.date: 06/28/2023
title: Supported repository configurations

> ---
> # Supported repository configurations

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
---

# Supported repository configurations
```

> The **Microsoft.PowerShell.PSResourceGet** module, also known as **PowerShellGet v3**, works with
> NuGet package repositories and local file stores. In general, the cmdlets should work with any NuGet
> repository that supports the NuGet protocol. However, not all NuGet repositories support all the
> features of PSResourceGet.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure about this phrase construction:

> ... any NuGet repository that supports the NuGet protocol

Maybe instead:

```suggestion
The **Microsoft.PowerShell.PSResourceGet** module, also known as **PowerShellGet v3**, works with
NuGet package repositories and local file stores. In general, the cmdlets should work with any
artifact repository that supports the NuGet protocol. However, not all NuGet repositories support
all the features of PSResourceGet.
```

or

```suggestion
The **Microsoft.PowerShell.PSResourceGet** module, also known as **PowerShellGet v3**, works with
NuGet package repositories and local file stores. In general, the cmdlets should work with any
repository that supports the NuGet protocol. However, not all NuGet repositories support all the
features of PSResourceGet.
```

The following repositories have been tested with PSResourceGet.

## The PowerShell Gallery

The PowerShell Gallery is the default repository for PSResourceGet. The Gallery is a NuGet
repository that uses the NuGet v2 protocol.

You don't need credentials to search, download, or install packages from the PowerShell Gallery. You
must create an account and API key to publish packages to the PowerShell Gallery. For more
information, see [Creating and publishing an item][01].

The PowerShell Gallery supports all the features of PSResourceGet.

## NuGet.org

> NuGet.org is a public host of NuGet packages used by millions of .NET and .NET Core developers every
> day. The NuGet.org provides Gallery a NuGet repository that uses the NuGet v3 protocol.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure about the last sentence. Does NuGet.org provide a gallery, which is a NuGet repository, or something else?

```suggestion
NuGet.org is a public host of NuGet packages used by millions of .NET and .NET Core developers every
day. NuGet.org provides a NuGet repository that uses the NuGet v3 protocol.
```

Use the following command to register NuGet.org as a PSResource repository:

```powershell
$params = @{
    Name = 'NuGetGallery'
    Uri  = 'https://api.nuget.org/v3/index.json'
}
Register-PSResourceRepository @params
```

You don't need credentials to search, download, or install packages from NuGet.org. You must create
an account and API key to publish packages to NuGet.org. For more information about getting a NuGet
API key, see [Quickstart: Create and publish a NuGet package][05].

### NuGet.org limitations

The **Microsoft.PowerShell.PSResourceGet** module doesn't support the following scenarios for
NuGet.org repositories:

- Wildcard search by name, for example:
  - `Find-PSResource -Name '*'`
  - `Find-PSResource -Name 'Az*'`
  - `Find-PSResource -Name 'Az*' -Tag compute`
- Search by command or DSC resource name, for example:
  - `Find-PSResource -Command commandname`
  - `Find-PSResource -DSCResource dscresourcename`

## Azure Artifacts

Azure Artifacts is a feature of Azure DevOps. Azure Artifacts enables developers to share their code

> efficiently and manage all their packages from one place. With Azure Artifacts, developers can

Reviewer 2: Does it allow developers to manage their packages _from_ one place or _in_ one place? Both?

Author: stet

publish packages to their feeds and share it within the same team, across organizations, and even
publicly.

Azure Artifacts supports the NuGet v3 protocol. Azure Artifacts feed URIs use the following format:

`https://dev.azure.com/<organization-name>/<project-name>/_artifacts/feed/<feed-name>`

Substitute the placeholder values with your organization, project, and feed names. For example, use
the following command to register an Azure Artifacts feed as a PSResource repository:

```powershell
$params = @{
    Name = 'MyAdoFeed'
    Uri  = 'https://pkgs.dev.azure.com/MyOrg/MyProject/_packaging/MyFeed/nuget/v3/index.json'
}
Register-PSResourceRepository @params
```

Azure DevOps allows you to create public or private feeds for your Azure Artifacts. You don't need
credentials to search, download, or install packages from an Azure Artifacts public feed. To publish

> artifacts or access private feeds, you must have an account and an API key. For more information
> about, see [Connect to feed as a PowerShell repository][03].

Reviewer 2: Either:
```suggestion
artifacts or access private feeds, you must have an account and an API key. For more information,
see [Connect to feed as a PowerShell repository][03].
```
Or:
```suggestion
artifacts or access private feeds, you must have an account and an API key. For more information
about getting an API key, see [Connect to feed as a PowerShell repository][03].
```

### Azure Artifacts limitations

The **Microsoft.PowerShell.PSResourceGet** module doesn't support the following scenarios for
Azure Artifacts repositories:

- Wildcard search by name, for example:
  - `Find-PSResource -Name '*'`
  - `Find-PSResource -Name 'Az*'`
  - `Find-PSResource -Name 'Az*' -Tag compute`
- Search by tag, for example:
  - `Find-PSResource -Tag compute`
- Search by command or DSC resource name, for example:
  - `Find-PSResource -Command commandname`
  - `Find-PSResource -DSCResource dscresourcename`
- Publish packages to a feed
  - Returns a `400 (Bad Request)` error

## GitHub Packages

GitHub Packages is a software package hosting service that allows you to host your software packages
privately or publicly and use packages as dependencies in your projects. For more information, see
[Introduction to GitHub Packages][06].

The GitHub Packages feed is a NuGet repository that uses the NuGet v3 protocol. The feed URI has the
following format: `https://nuget.pkg.github.com/<namespace>/index.json`. Replace `<namespace>` with
the name of the personal account or organization to which your packages are scoped. For example, use

> the following command to register an Azure Artifacts feed as a PSResource repository:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the following command to register an GitHub Packages feed as a PSResource repository:
```
